sdk/batch/batch-rest/README.md, before:

# Azure Batch REST client library for JavaScript

Azure Batch provides Cloud-scale job scheduling and compute management.

**Please rely heavily on our [REST client docs](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/main/documentation/rest-clients.md) to use this library**

Key links:

- [Package (NPM)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@azure-rest/batch)
- [API reference documentation](https://learn.microsoft.com/javascript/api/@azure-rest/batch)

## Getting started

### Currently supported environments

- LTS versions of Node.js

### Prerequisites

- You must have an [Azure subscription](https://azure.microsoft.com/free/) to use this package.

### Install the `@azure-rest/batch` package

Install the Azure Batch REST client library for JavaScript with `npm`:

```bash
npm install @azure-rest/batch
```

### Create and authenticate a `BatchClient`

Azure batch supports authentication either via Microsoft Entra ID or Shared Key.

- [Microsoft Entra ID](#microsoft-entra-id)
- [Shared Key](#shared-key)

#### Microsoft Entra ID

To use an [Microsoft Entra ID token credential](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/main/sdk/identity/identity/samples/AzureIdentityExamples.md#authenticating-with-a-pre-fetched-access-token),
provide an instance of the desired credential type obtained from the
[@azure/identity](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/tree/main/sdk/identity/identity#credentials) library.

To authenticate with Microsoft Entra ID, you must first `npm` install [`@azure/identity`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@azure/identity)

After setup, you can choose which type of [credential](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/tree/main/sdk/identity/identity#credentials) from `@azure/identity` to use.
As an example, [DefaultAzureCredential](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/tree/main/sdk/identity/identity#defaultazurecredential)
can be used to authenticate the client.

Set the values of the client ID, tenant ID, and client secret of the Microsoft Entra ID application as environment variables:
AZURE_CLIENT_ID, AZURE_TENANT_ID, AZURE_CLIENT_SECRET

#### Shared Key

To use shared key to authenticate, you must first `npm` install [`@azure/core-auth`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@azure/core-auth), then provide the account name and account key to construct the an `AzureNamedKeyCredential` credential from `@azure/core-auth`

```ts snippet:ReadmeSampleCreateClient_Node
import { AzureNamedKeyCredential } from "@azure/core-auth";
import createClient from "@azure-rest/batch";

const credential = new AzureNamedKeyCredential("<account name>", "<account key>");
const batchClient = createClient("<account endpoint>", credential);
```

## Troubleshooting

### Logging

Enabling logging may help uncover useful information about failures. In order to see a log of HTTP requests and responses, set the `AZURE_LOG_LEVEL` environment variable to `info`. Alternatively, logging can be enabled at runtime by calling `setLogLevel` in the `@azure/logger`:

```ts snippet:SetLogLevel
import { setLogLevel } from "@azure/logger";

setLogLevel("info");
```

For more detailed instructions on how to enable logs, you can look at the [@azure/logger package docs](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/tree/main/sdk/core/logger).

Commit message:

CodeGen from PR 32516 in Azure/azure-rest-api-specs Merge 1de072dd4838489b9d649dc23d19bc9e6eb3fa21 into a59f51a4e5b212d17ee90bc797b0bc477a7eecfa

sdk/batch/batch-rest/README.md, after:

# Azure Batch REST client library for JavaScript

Azure Batch provides Cloud-scale job scheduling and compute management.

**Please rely heavily on our [REST client docs](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/main/documentation/rest-clients.md) to use this library**

Key links:

- [Source code](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/tree/main/sdk/batch/batch-rest)
- [Package (NPM)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@azure-rest/batch)
- [API reference documentation](https://learn.microsoft.com/javascript/api/@azure-rest/batch?view=azure-node-preview)

## Getting started

### Currently supported environments

- LTS versions of Node.js

### Prerequisites

- You must have an [Azure subscription](https://azure.microsoft.com/free/) to use this package.

### Install the `@azure-rest/batch` package

Install the Azure Batch REST client REST client library for JavaScript with `npm`:

```bash
npm install @azure-rest/batch
```

### Create and authenticate a `BatchClient`

To use an [Azure Active Directory (AAD) token credential](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/main/sdk/identity/identity/samples/AzureIdentityExamples.md#authenticating-with-a-pre-fetched-access-token),
provide an instance of the desired credential type obtained from the
[@azure/identity](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/tree/main/sdk/identity/identity#credentials) library.

To authenticate with AAD, you must first `npm` install [`@azure/identity`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@azure/identity) 

After setup, you can choose which type of [credential](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/tree/main/sdk/identity/identity#credentials) from `@azure/identity` to use.
As an example, [DefaultAzureCredential](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/tree/main/sdk/identity/identity#defaultazurecredential)
can be used to authenticate the client.

## Troubleshooting

### Logging

Enabling logging may help uncover useful information about failures. In order to see a log of HTTP requests and responses, set the `AZURE_LOG_LEVEL` environment variable to `info`. Alternatively, logging can be enabled at runtime by calling `setLogLevel` in the `@azure/logger`:

```javascript
const { setLogLevel } = require("@azure/logger");

setLogLevel("info");
```

For more detailed instructions on how to enable logs, you can look at the [@azure/logger package docs](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/tree/main/sdk/core/logger).
